one thing we can do is we can't make
excuses for Daniel Gil because when it
comes to the catch weight / 157 pounds
now listen to me he signed the contract
now I know for reason that a lot of you
Puerto Ricans gonna come here and say
this guy's overtake no Miguel Cotto but
you know as well as I know even all
media journalists now you know as well
as I know that a lot of that shit he be
doing you don't like you got them self
so don't come in with the hypocrite
because I know you're probably talking
about in the background like will you go
to rubios friction but at the same time
one 53.6 under the 154 pound junior
middleweight or super welterweight
154-pound women Miguel Cotto weighed in
he's fighting defending his 160 pound
WBC middleweight title Daniel Gil
however waited I 157 pounds three pounds
under because of the catch weight of the
160-pound middleweight division I am
teaching controversies teach the
controversy live and I cover every
single major file I please subscribe
that's it
here's what I see Daniel Gil as expected
looked a little gone now what you want
to look for is you want to look at what
he rehired rates up to in the ring on
Saturday night HBO june six 1030pm you
stay at a time and I'm thinking from
what they've been talking his promoter
Gary Shaw and um Daniel Gil been
training with or spy with toreano
Johnson basically I've been talking that
they're going to come in heavy miguel
cotto maybe he'll come in at about 158
maybe at 160 pounds but i guess what the
main issue is even myself I wanted to
see older women see if i get waiting for
you
I wanted to see cotto fight at least one
fight you know even if his first fight
he wanted he won the belt from sergio
martinez i wanted his his first offense
to be a 4 160 I mean Daniel Gil I mean
come on and if you don't know this is
pretty much Freddie Roach's doing and
then went to annex you know Miguel Cotto
goes by diva Cotto I'm not seeing these
deep I'm not saying that not saying it
but what I'm saying is either way we're
gonna watch the fight we're going to
enjoy the fight we can't make excuses
for Daniel Gil because he signed the
contract Gavin saw early this week said
there would be no financial penalty for
if Daniel Gil didn't make the wait but
at the same time in the contract the
belt might have not been on the line
whatever the case may be if you want to
be the guy like Miguel Cotto you want a
beating for the belt um I'm thinking
this by default Miguel Cotto is the
fastest fighter or it can be said to be
the fastest fighter one of the fastest
fighters every 160 pounds you know can
you get me because remember this is a
guy right now but way he did at one 33.6
meaning he's a natural junior
middleweight 154 pounder but also he's
for that one 4147 so he's a small one to
the system guy wolf guy fighting that
160 pounds he's not even at 160 is that
one below 154 but what we're seeing is
that even though he's shorter he should
have the hand speed and foot movement
advantage over a lot of the fighters
everyone onto the system pounds so it's
going to be interesting to see how he
matches up with Daniel Gil because
Daniel Gil is a 160-pound that does a
lot of moving himself this is gonna be
really interesting fighter basically
it's going to be 5050 I'm actually
interested to see how much Miguel Cotto
is going to be getting paid for this
fight to be honest with you but we'll
leave it at that opportunity controversy
this is tisha controversy live if you
don't know Canelo or jejeje is next and
then the way it's looking it's looking
like it's going to be Canelo and then
he'll have to pay some side money to
jejeje to fight come on get after it
sense it it's it's a crazy situation but
Miguel Cora has nothing but big fights
and after this fight for some reason I'm
think he's going to drop that title just
my own personal opinion teach you
controversy teach you controversial